You did it, why am I in our room,
Follow out.
You want me to help me, help me, help me, help you,
You eat last, I just have to ask.
Just laugh at it, it's okay,
I have already had a relationship with Tang Jiao.
If you lose it,
Just leave her as soon as possible,
and from top to bottom,
Just fly two pieces in a row,
Li and Tang Jiao, two people,
One is Bai Tian'er, the other is Chao Xiaoyi,
There is no such thing as a right thing to do, Gu Tangjiao,
Love her so much
Then why not take her
To put it bluntly, I just don’t love it.
The method is amazing
She loves me so much
Said we are much better than that Chaosha
Talk about Chaosha and let’s be in bed
Just like the tide of death